README.md, before:

KNOWN ISSUES:
  - Text in header does not resize to scale with the header image.
  - Images can overflow bottom of screen as horizontal becomes wider.

TODO:
  - Better spacing of the sidebar images
  - Give Images a function
  - Make all non-selected images translucent, becoming dominant and opaque 
      when scrolling down. Also allow clicking to auto-scroll.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Project Two: Media-Rich Single-Page Site Due March 21, 11:59pm CT

Single-page sites have seen a resurgent interest in recent years, 
particularly for showcasing products, services, or an entire company. 
See One Page Love for a gallery of examples. This project requires you 
to engage in well-crafted, mobile-first responsive web design with 
careful, bandwidth-friendly treatment of rich media elements as well as 
responsive images for traditional and high-DPI/“retina” screens. You 
will use the site to tell the story of a particular company, product, or 
organization, and implement elements of your onboarding project (Project 
One). Alternatively, you may use this project to build a one-page site 
for that tells your own professional story, perhaps a GitHub user page 
at <username>.github.io.

By engaging in storytelling, you should think both about how the text 
content of a site tells a story, but also how image, audio, and video 
also helps to tell a story. As we will see in the remaining projects in 
class, good HCI is also good story-telling. It’s a story that 
users/readers can insert themselves into. This project invites you to 
get even stronger in your HTML, CSS, and JavaScript skills, while also 
thinking about techniques and strategies to get a specific group of 
people to want to read all the way through a page.
Project Goals

    Design and execute a progressively enhanced page focused on system 
users and tasks
    Write valid HTML5 and CSS, and error-free JavaScript
    Apply design principles including color/material, typography, 
accessible media, and grid-based design
    Use Modernizr or another lightweight feature-detection script for 
implementing edge CSS technologies (with appropriate fallbacks for 
lesser browsers)
    Write compelling text content; capture images, audio, and video and 
prepare them for the web
    Prepare a touch-friendly, mobile-first responsive web design
    Engage in agile, iterative Web design and development, supported by 
version control
    Experiment with design and interaction patterns for pleasing user 
experience

Deliverables & Milestones

    A video presentation of your work in progress, hosted on YouTube, 
Vimeo, or another similar service and posted to Basecamp. It should 
include a world-viewable URL of your project, plus the URL to your 
GitHub repository. Include in the text of your post one or two things 
you would like feedback on from the instructor and other students in the 
class (due no later than March 4).
    Substantive comments critiquing at least three other student 
projects. (by March 7, 11:59pm CT)
    An email to the instructor containing the projects two final 
deliverables:
        The https:// link to your project’s GitHub repository (email URL 
to instructor by March 21, 11:59pm CT)
        A 4-5 sentence self-critique of your project and your progress 
in class to this point (include in email to instructor by March 21, 
11:59pm CT)

Requirements

    Valid, well-formed HTML5 and CSS
    One single HTML file, and one single CSS file
    JavaScript that is loaded unobtrusively (no JavaScript event 
attributes in your HTML, in other words) and throws no errors
    HTML-based fallbacks for any media elements (image, audio, video) 
that you include
    Organized, readable source that is hand-written and original (no 
WYSIWYGs or code-generators, no Bootstrap or other off-the-shelf 
frameworks)
    A Git repository with frequent commits and meaningful commit 
messages that accurately reflect each set of changes that you make
    GitHub repository must contain only the files and commits from this 
project

Commit message:

Updated known issues on README to include H2 margin bug

README.md, after:

KNOWN ISSUES:
  - Text in header does not resize to scale with the header image.
  - Images can overflow bottom of screen as horizontal becomes wider.
  - H2 in #content .main has the same margin-left value as h2 in header.

TODO:
  - Better spacing of the sidebar images
  - Give Images a function
  - Make all non-selected images translucent, becoming dominant and opaque 
      when scrolling down. Also allow clicking to auto-scroll.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Project Two: Media-Rich Single-Page Site Due March 21, 11:59pm CT

Single-page sites have seen a resurgent interest in recent years, 
particularly for showcasing products, services, or an entire company. 
See One Page Love for a gallery of examples. This project requires you 
to engage in well-crafted, mobile-first responsive web design with 
careful, bandwidth-friendly treatment of rich media elements as well as 
responsive images for traditional and high-DPI/“retina” screens. You 
will use the site to tell the story of a particular company, product, or 
organization, and implement elements of your onboarding project (Project 
One). Alternatively, you may use this project to build a one-page site 
for that tells your own professional story, perhaps a GitHub user page 
at <username>.github.io.

By engaging in storytelling, you should think both about how the text 
content of a site tells a story, but also how image, audio, and video 
also helps to tell a story. As we will see in the remaining projects in 
class, good HCI is also good story-telling. It’s a story that 
users/readers can insert themselves into. This project invites you to 
get even stronger in your HTML, CSS, and JavaScript skills, while also 
thinking about techniques and strategies to get a specific group of 
people to want to read all the way through a page.
Project Goals

    Design and execute a progressively enhanced page focused on system 
users and tasks
    Write valid HTML5 and CSS, and error-free JavaScript
    Apply design principles including color/material, typography, 
accessible media, and grid-based design
    Use Modernizr or another lightweight feature-detection script for 
implementing edge CSS technologies (with appropriate fallbacks for 
lesser browsers)
    Write compelling text content; capture images, audio, and video and 
prepare them for the web
    Prepare a touch-friendly, mobile-first responsive web design
    Engage in agile, iterative Web design and development, supported by 
version control
    Experiment with design and interaction patterns for pleasing user 
experience

Deliverables & Milestones

    A video presentation of your work in progress, hosted on YouTube, 
Vimeo, or another similar service and posted to Basecamp. It should 
include a world-viewable URL of your project, plus the URL to your 
GitHub repository. Include in the text of your post one or two things 
you would like feedback on from the instructor and other students in the 
class (due no later than March 4).
    Substantive comments critiquing at least three other student 
projects. (by March 7, 11:59pm CT)
    An email to the instructor containing the projects two final 
deliverables:
        The https:// link to your project’s GitHub repository (email URL 
to instructor by March 21, 11:59pm CT)
        A 4-5 sentence self-critique of your project and your progress 
in class to this point (include in email to instructor by March 21, 
11:59pm CT)

Requirements

    Valid, well-formed HTML5 and CSS
    One single HTML file, and one single CSS file
    JavaScript that is loaded unobtrusively (no JavaScript event 
attributes in your HTML, in other words) and throws no errors
    HTML-based fallbacks for any media elements (image, audio, video) 
that you include
    Organized, readable source that is hand-written and original (no 
WYSIWYGs or code-generators, no Bootstrap or other off-the-shelf 
frameworks)
    A Git repository with frequent commits and meaningful commit 
messages that accurately reflect each set of changes that you make
    GitHub repository must contain only the files and commits from this 
project
